In October 2014, an announcement was made at the annual meeting introducing JW Broadcasting.
What a blessing from Jehovah is proved to be.
Many have expressed that they can't wait for the next installment to be posted to enjoy
the spiritual gems and encouragement.
From around the world, we hear that their friends feel closer to the governing body and
organization than ever before.
But also, the monthly programs have a uniting effect on God's people.
Seeing the faces and hearing the stories of our brothers and sisters around the globe
has given this great crowd reassurance of what a close family we are, all taking part
in the same work wherever we live.
What are your favorite moments from JW Broadcasting?
Perhaps the following compilation from the last two years will help remind you.
You will notice that we've included some behind-the-scenes video clips that have not previously
been published.
You will see that the anchors seem to enjoy producing the programs almost as much as we
enjoy watching them.
Welcome.
Greetings.
We welcome you to JW Broadcasting.
The governing body has approved this station on a trial basis initially in the English language
only, based on the response from viewers.
In your support of this new arrangement, it is hoped that other languages will enjoy
the same in the future.
One of the brothers are made to ask me, if I prove from the Bible that something you believe
is incorrect, what will you do?
I say, then I will become a witness.
I always said no.
I said, quick being a stubborn mule, at least read it.
He says, do you know what I was just doing?
No.
I was on my knees and tears.
I was begging God to send somebody.
After studying with six different elders, I realized that it's not one person that
changes everybody, but everybody that changes one person.
And remember that one day years ago, we were trying to understand the Bible without having
any chance to understand it.
And now we are sitting there, Jova's witnesses.
What a privilege we have to know and use the personal name of our loving Father, Jova.
Jesus tells us that no one can come to the Father unless Jova draws that person.
What he saw, I don't know, but I'm deeply appreciative.
There's nothing here on this earth to compare with God's organization.
There's never been anything even back in Bible times to compare with what Jova has
now and what he's doing now.
I found people that I was looking for, people without prejudice, without pride, different
nationalities, and that was like taking a deep breath of hope.
I see that Satan's methods have not changed, but it is really encouraging to remember that
Jova also has not changed.
He defended and protected his people in the past, and he will do the same today.
Observe intently the birds of heaven.
They do not so see, or reap, or gather into storehouses, yet your Heavenly Father feeds
them.
Are you not worth more?
The challenges will come, but they'll also go.
I try not to get stuck on them.
I pray to Jova not to remove this challenges, but to give me the strength to overcome this
challenges.
We also remember that anyone can complain about an imperfect process.
That's easy to do.
All of us can do that.
But the real gem of a person, the one that can be used the most by Jova is the one who
can take an imperfect process and make it work.
Sister Sabina Hernandez has been approved this month as an auxiliary pioneer.
Because it's Sabina can do it.
All the rest of us can too.
Looking back on the experiences and trials that I face serving in prison for neutrality,
I feel more confident that I can overcome any difficulties that may lie ahead.
I'm looking forward to getting 100% health second, walk the dog, ride the horses, ride
my bike and run.
Jova is more powerful than my health problem and I know that he can fix it.
In fact, it could be that by means of this program, Jova is searching for you.
I personally experienced how merciful Jova was to me and to my wife.
When I returned to him, then he returned to me.
If you're thinking about leaving the truth, don't do it.
Saint's world will chew you up and spit you out.
Get that Bible off its printed page and get it into your heart and then you got it.
Being in the truth at any age is the best life anyone could hope for even in this present
system.
This world would like to make me lonely but I got my friends with me.
I'm looking forward to getting 100% health second, walk the dog, ride the horses, ride